v3.0.13 release (#394)
brainstormforce/astra-sites: README.md

## Changelog ##

> v3.0.13 - 15-December-2021
> - Improvement: Better error handling for Fatal errors.
> - Improvement: Added a pre-requisite screen before the import process.
> - Fix: Fixed a few RTL support issues for the entire import process.

Author: ```suggestion
v3.0.13 - 15-December-2021
- Improvement: Better error handling for Fatal errors when activating plugins.
- Improvement: Check for system requirements when before starting to import the website.
- Fix: Logo width slider not working correctly in case of RTL languages.
```
